Mr. Sampson, you said you wanted to see me?
Let's get this to my lawyer.
Mr. Sampson, you're thinking about buying the Carter group?
But isn't this company the last thing that Mrs. Sampson's father left her when he died?
Are you really sympathizing with that liar?
No, of course not. I'll get right out of here.
Complete the Carter acquisition as soon as possible.
How do you want to acquire the Carter group?
Looks like you're not completely deaf.
Yeah, people swindled me out of three billion when we got married.
This time I take it back.
A company is the only thing my father left.
You know that, right?
Yeah, I do.
And that's exactly why I want it.
I am. I want a divorce.